kgo: add status field monitoring section (#7124)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/production/monitoring/status/dataplane.md

```

To wait for the `DataPlane` to get ready we can use the following command:

```bash
kubectl wait -n default dataplane example --for=condition=Ready
```

After a couple of seconds we should see:

```bash
dataplane.gateway-operator.konghq.com/example condition met
```

Having this `DataPlane` deployed we can get all sorts of information from its `status` field.

For example, if you'd like to get its addresses you can simply run:

```bash
kubectl get -n default dataplane example -o jsonpath-as-json='{.status.addresses}'
```

Which could yield:

```json
[
    [
        {
            "sourceType": "PrivateLoadBalancer",
            "type": "IPAddress",
            "value": "172.18.128.1"
        },
        {
            "sourceType": "PrivateIP",
            "type": "IPAddress",
            "value": "10.96.194.111"
        }
    ]
]
```

## DataPlane proxy service

To get `DataPlane`'s proxy `Service` name you can query the `.status.service` field like so:

```bash
kubectl get -n default dataplane dataplane-example -o jsonpath-as-json='{.status.service}'
```

```yaml
[
    "dataplane-ingress-dataplane-example-sj54n"
]
```

## Troubleshooting using status condition

> If your `DataPlane` does not work you can start from look at its `.status.conditions` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `DataPlane` does not work you can start by looking at its `.status.conditions` field.
```
